# IR input build notes

There isn't much to say about building this module. As usual, start with the shortest components (resistors, diodes) and finish with the tallest (headers, electrolytic caps).

Notice that on the main board the pots, switches, saturation LED, phototransistor and external PT jack will go on the PCB side opposite the rest of the components. Before soldering them, put the 6 pin header and socket together and sandwich them between the front and main PCBs. Use screws, washers, and spacers to secure the two boards together. Once they're aligned and held in place, solder the headers. Then place the pots, jacks, switches, LEDs, and phototransistors in their places on the PCBs, put the panel on top of them, and fasten it down with nuts on several of the jacks and pots. The LEDs go with their short lead in the hole marked K (for "kathode"). The TOPS-050 phototransistor's emitter is the long leg and the collector is the short leg (other phototransistors may be the opposite); put the short leg in the hole marked K (for "kollektor"). Turn the assembly over, make sure all panel components are flush to the back of the panel, and solder these parts to the PCBs. You're done.

I decided I thought of the bottom pot as a threshold control, rather than a gate sensitivity control, which meant I wanted it opposite the way Barton did — I wanted clockwise to be maximum threshold, not maximum sensitivity (minimum threshold). But then I confused myself and my design ended up making it the same as Barton's, though it's labelled "Threshold". If this really bothers you you can kludge it so pin 1 (CCW) connects to ground and pin 3 (CW) connects to R10, instead of vice versa, or you can do what I did and just leave it alone and pretend it's labeled "Gate Sensitivity".
